{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 World_Event\
\
1. The event is triggered by clicking the mouse in a title 
\f1\i not
\f0\i0  previously occupied (ex: you can\'92t place the rainbow on water).  \
\
2. When the event is triggered, a 3x3 gold background will spawn with a rainbow in the middle (where you clicked). Additionally, a leprechaun will spawn on the rainbow. Lastly, the nearest vein will turn into a gold vein that drops gold ingots instead of ore when mined. \
\
3. The veins that turn into gold veins will drop gold ingots instead of ore. Gold veins can 
\f1\i only
\f0\i0  be mined by leprechauns and gold ingots can 
\f1\i only 
\f0\i0 be picked up by leprechauns. \
\
4. The leprechaun will look around the world for gold veins and gold ingots. Once a leprechaun has picked up 6 gold ingots, it will start destroying the gold veins. \
\
5. Partners: Nicholas Allen and Dean Sadaoka. Both partners worked together on the majority of the project. Specifically, Nick worked more on the rainbow, gold vein, gold ingot, vein to gold vein, and leprechaun resource limit. Dean worked more on the leprechaun entity, new sprites, and 3x3 gold background, and the spawning. }